Quick Setup Edits, Privacy Policy Edit (#296)
SlimeVR/SlimeVR-Docs-Site: src/README.md

Building trackers is the most common way users have trackers at the time of writing. This documentation provides a full [guide to building trackers from scratch](diy/index.html), which provides lists of full components needed, where to buy them and schematics for many combinations of IMUs and Microcontrollers.

PCB based builds are common, which can be gotten from JLPCB or other manufacturers inexpensively. These boards can greatly simplify the process and amount of soldering needed for reliable trackers. Many popular options are available, with instructions and 3D printable files. [community cases](diy/cases.md)

This is the cheapest and fastest way to obtain trackers, assuming you have a soldering iron on hand a single tracker can be put together for under $20.

DIY builds require time to assemble and may require self-repairs from time to time.

> > Please note, if you are looking for BNO085s (the suggested IMU) SlimeVR store has [modules for sale](https://slimevr.myshopify.com/products/slimevr-imu-module-bno085).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please note, if you are looking for BNO085s (the suggested IMU), the SlimeVR store has [modules for sale](https://shop.slimevr.dev/products/slimevr-imu-module-bno085).
```
